W-14391130-distrbuted-tracing (#162)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/deployment.adoc

// end::configureLogging[]

// tag::enableDistributedTracing[]

> == Enable Distributed Tracing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Enable Trace Data Collection
```

> Distributed tracing enables you to understand the execution path of a transaction in MuleSoft ecosystem by having full visibility into the execution path of API calls or application transactions. This feature exposes tracing information in OpenTelemetry standard fom Mule runtime into all APM solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traces enable you to understand the execution path of a transaction in MuleSoft ecosystem by having full visibility into the execution path of API calls or application transactions. This feature exposes tracing information in OpenTelemetry standard from Mule runtime into all APM solutions.
```

> You can enable distributed tracing for your CloudHub 2.0 applications running on Mule runtime 4.6 or later. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable trace data collection for your CloudHub 2.0 applications running on Mule runtime version 4.6 or later. 
```

> You can enable distributed tracing for your CloudHub 2.0 applications running on Mule runtime 4.5.1.e or later. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable distributed tracing for your CloudHub 2.0 applications running on Mule runtime 4.6 or later. 
```

To enable distributed tracing in your application deployments:

. Click the *Monitoring* tab.
. Select the *Enable tracing* checkbox.
. Click *Deploy Application* if you are enabling the feature for a new deployment, or *Apply Changes* if you are editing an existing application.

> Once you enable distributed tracing, the Runtime Manager backend starts instrumenting traces for your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you enable tracing, the Runtime Manager backend starts instrumenting traces for your application.
```

[NOTE]

> Distributed tracing is available for Titanium or Advanced tier subscriptions only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include::reuse::partial$billing/pricing.adoc[tag=featureAdvReq]
```
